muslims are my sisters and brothers. islam is a beautiful and loving faith. this attack is not of islam; it is of evil and ha last is the reason hatred starts on muslims.. always trying to look like they the victims always playing the sympathy game i shout "you are delusional" if you don't believe they were muslims.  accept the face that those terrorists believed in islam. god pray for paris. .so terrible  of issues attacked..hope to have peace  of world 
this is what 99% of muslims go through because the act of the inhumane 1 percent who "claim" to be muslim  
feeling helpless and very human. my heart is breaking for the people of paris. 
worse part about terrorism is that it's still being treated as an ideological threat instead of as as an outcome of geopo paris is the city of love tho  pray for paris 
please remember terrorism has no religion. they are just a bunch of heartless and disgusting people. they do not represen condemn paris attack... extending solidarity to french friends... l i v e paris attacker blamed hollande for interfering in syria: witness  k  10:14 newspapers around...  
praying 4 the beautiful souls from paris to beirut to japan to mizzou my heart &amp; love is with you all we are one ht   i'm using quran everytime .. but i'm not terrorist ..your problem with quran not with isis .. right ? 
accept the truth..world is suffering from islamic terrorism..best example isis sir, he was waiting for you to wake-up. so that he could consult you. btw, in the interim he tweeted this  
isn't it weird how teenagers know the difference between being a muslim and being a terrorist but adults can't seem to get it 
paris txi drivers turned off their meters, took people home for free - reports   
we stand shoulder to shoulder with the people of france and all free people @turnbullmalcolm pray for paris please stop terrorism :'( pray for humanity dont let the bad guys win haterd &amp; pointing fingers is not the answer its time to come together in unity united we stand against terrorism 
good morning paris, we stand with you! magcon prays for paris  +   
our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by the awful events in paris. let's hope it all ends soon.  
all muslims are tourists  
all muslims are tourists  it's devastating   
uwf officials say 15 students currently studying in france are safe.   
isis does n o t represent islam!  
mumbai is re-enacted &amp; replayed in paris. what india has been painfully experiencing since 2 decades, europe is now re 
we've reached all but 6 of our students that we know are in france. hope to confirm safety of remaining by morn 
thoughts and prayers for those people involved in the situation that has occurred in paris this evening .. very sad  
white house: called french president hollande to offer condolences, help in probe after paris attacks.   paris the world is praying for you tonight!!!!  for your strength and courage tragic 
the terrorists struck soft targets: cafes, concert halls,places where ordinary people thronged. they don't have the cour islam isn't a race.. 
not all muslims are terrorist and not all terrorist are muslims.. its 2015 and everyone should get this through their hea 
muslim friends: i love you.  i do not blame you or your faith.  this is not your fault. stay safe. paris attacks paris 
i feel sorry for what happened in paris. my deepest condolences to those affected &amp; b safe people; especially malaysian ar not in the u.s.  
devastated to hear the news about paris :( when will people realise that all life is precious. sickening. thoughts and 
to all the people that post about prayers paris please actually put your phones down for a second to actually pray for the  
as a nation that has suffered similar outrage, we understand that the attacks in paris must be met with the strongest action. 
 | video: watch as bomb detonates during football match in string of paris terror attacks  
this was paris after 9/11. let's give them the support that they gave us.  
the arts centre spire and ngv will tonight be lit up in blue white and red in solidarity with france. 
we didn't blame germans for hitler, we don't blame christians for kkk, do not blame muslims for isis 
stunning images of global support fru   
.terrorism is killing more muslims than non muslims. so idea it's driven by hate for the "infidel" is unsupport "terrorists capable of carrying out such atrocities must know that they will face a france that is determined and united." let's not use paris attack to support our frustration against other religions? 
united we stand. our thoughts and prayers are with the citizens and victims of paris and france prayersfor paris h 
glad to see the world shining the french colors as paris remains dark to honor those that've been lost pray for paris  
now world should understand that condemning terrorism is not enough for mankind ..world  needs to strike down plotters 
thinking of everyone in paris. paris terror attacks: at least 120 killed in gunfire, explosions  
new york pays tribute to the victims of the paris attacks  pray for paris  
french president francois hollande condemns the "terrorist attacks of unprecedented proportions." pray for paris  
french officials say at least 120 dead after paris attacks 8 terrorists died, 7 of them in suicide bombings.  
this was paris after 9/11. in tough times we must stand together.     
myles: "my heart aches for the victims of tonight's attack and the good people of paris. sending love to all of you"  
stop discriminating against muslims. not all muslims are bad.  france must engage in peace talks with isis and go to negotiating tables like us proposed to sri lanka 
some flights to france are being cancelled. to any french in the us in need, use u s &amp; we'll find someone nea 
paris under attack: world leaders unite in solidarity with france  
paris right now... truly remarkable not afraid  
sad that us muslims have to defend our religion and ourselves after every terrorist attacks 
i  am a muslim and i unconditionally denounce all violence against innocent people whoever and wherever they are. sad paris at 
french prez hollande declares "pitiless" war against jihadi terrorism. terrorist overheard saying attack revenge for we 
remember - paris is scheduled to host international climate change summit in two weeks.  paris attacks 
paris... absolutely inspiring.  
our hearts are with paris prayfor paris  
seeing so much hate towards muslims tn. how are you gonna blame a whole content-richon for the actions of a few? every content-rich 
our thoughts are with you, paris.  
the world is showing support for you france. praying for all of you. stay safe everyone. pray for paris   
france 24 reports paris taxi drivers have switched off meters, taking people home for free. 
american airlines suspends flights to paris  
my heart goes out to the people of paris and to anyone affected by the awful awful events taking place. please stay safe  
in one day paris- terrorist attacks japan- earthquake baghdad- funeral bombed beirut- suicide bombing mexico- earthquake 
"my mom is in the motherfucking hostage takeover" paris  
paris, not afraid.  false binaries are created, erasing the grey area of coexistence, terrorists always infuse narrative so that muslims keep defending them. 
paris right now   
haven't heard from a u.s. citizen friend or relative in paris? contact info: parisemergencyusc @ state. gov [1/2] 
some crazy stuff going down in paris. explosion just ouside stade de france  
had a great first show but just heard about what happened in paris. thoughts and prayers with everyone pray for paris 
islam is not a terrorist. please open your mind. continually praying for all places struck by an influx of intense darkness, particularly france today. my heart breaks for those affected. fuck this "pray for paris". if we really care, then we will take action instead of just "praying". 
"paris is still here and standing."   mayor of paris, anne hidalgo  from msnbc u2 'devastated' over paris attacks, cancels show: "we watched in disbelief and shock at the fru...  
shocked &amp; saddened by the horrific attack on paris.my solidarity with those who lost their loved ones in this time of distress p 
pray for paris, intertwining 13.    
pray for paris  
while what is happening in paris is awful, never confuse an entire nationality, religion, or group with its extremists. 
vive la france. a message from all of us at   
paris stay strong. france you are consider to be our second homeland, our thoughts are with you and the families of th 
isnt it interesting that the tragedy in paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world? 
paris help lines   
i am deeply shocked by the events in paris. we stand in full solidarity with the people of france. 
i'm just hearing about the tragedy in paris.... i'm so sorry for this story to happen again and again...its unfair to the 
foreign minister offers assistance to france following terror attacks:  news fru 
this photo made me smile. as i said before my whole heart goes out to the people of france.  prayers paris    
poignant eiffel tower peace symbol goes viral in wake of paris terrorist attacks  
hey muslim friends: you're not accountable for isis' violence regardless of what white supremacy may tell you. 
cowards. stay strong, paris. thoughts are with you all. 
depomuslims. they need to go. kick them out and secure our borders! 
.dylann roof walked into bible study &amp; killed nine black folks in cold blood. he wasn't "imported."  
not launching a book titled "paris attacks a jewish-christian conspiracy"?  
the world just lost peace its a scary place and it's hard to take i really hope everybody is ok pray for france 
french president francois hollande condemns the "terrorist attacks of unprecedented proportions." pray for paris  waging war on islamic countries to protect israel. what you dig for muslims, you, yourself becoming victims of that.... 
growing up in a muslim household i wasn't even allowed to kill a spider bc it's a sin and you're telling me that islam prom france has declared a national state of emergency and tightened borders after at least 120 people were killed in...  
our thoughts are with the people of france 
know your enemy and beat them at their game! compassion and mercy are suicidal traits during war time! esp. w islam! h 
thoughts and prayers for those people involved in the situation that has occurred in paris this evening .. very sad  
my thoughts and prayers are with the people in paris tonight. 
8 extremists are dead after paris attacks; 7 of them were killed in suicide bombings, says prosecutor spokeswoman  
haven't heard from a u.s. citizen friend or relative in paris? contact info: parisemergencyusc @ state. gov [1/2] 
paris attacks are the entirely predictable consequence of funding, training and arming sunni extremists in syria and libya f prayers with families of deceased in paris attack 
let's all get behind and support paris, france. pray for paris  
the world has come together to show their support for paris.  
before i log off for the day please remember: terrorism knows no religion, race, or gender. point your fingers at solution 
this is absolutely horrible  terrorism has no religion  how many time does it have to be said pray for paris  
stay safe, paris..  
